[Focus Mode] New content and images for the Network request blocking tool (#2890)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network-request-blocking/network-request-blocking-tool.md

To block a network request:

1. Go to the webpage for which you want to block network requests. For example, open the [accessibility-testing demo page](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/) in a new tab or window. This webpage contains images that you'll block using the **Network request blocking** tool.

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press **Ctrl+Shift+I** (Windows, Linux) or **Command+Option+I** (macOS).

1. In DevTools, on the Activity Bar, click the **Network request blocking** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More Tools** (![More Tools icon](./network-request-blocking-tool-images/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. Click the **Add pattern** (![Add pattern icon](./network-request-blocking-tool-images/add-pattern-icon.png)) button.  The **Enable network request blocking** checkbox is automatically selected.

> 1. In the **Text pattern to block matching requests** text box, type **\*.jpg** to block all requests for JPEG images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Text pattern to block matching requests** text box, type **\*.jpg**.  This blocks all requests for JPEG images.
```
separating user action step, from the explanation of why that action

   You can either type the full URL, just the domain name to block all requests from this domain, or replace parts of it with `*` for wildcard pattern matching.
   
   For example, `contoso.com` matches URLs like:

   * `https://contoso.com`
   * `https://subdomain.contoso.com`
   * `https://subdomain.contoso.com/path/to/resource`

   And `*.jpg` matches URLs like:
   
   * `https://www.contoso.com/resource.jpg`
   * `http://third-party.com/6469272/163348534-b90ea1a3-c33cbeb1aed8.jpg`

1. Click the **Add** button:

   ![The Network request blocking tool, showing the new *.jpg blocking pattern](./network-request-blocking-tool-images/block-network-request.png)

> 1. Refresh the page.  Now all JPEG images are blocked, the number of blocked network requests is indicated in the **Network request blocking** tool, and the images in the rendered webpage are missing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refresh the page.  The page is changed as follows:
   * All JPEG images are blocked.
   * The number of blocked network requests is indicated in the **Network request blocking** tool.
   * The images in the rendered webpage are missing:
```
check # of leading spaces

   ![The Network request blocking tool, blocking all JPEG images](./network-request-blocking-tool-images/blocked-images.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Delete a blocked network request

To delete a specific network blocking request pattern:

> *  In the **Network request blocking** table, hover over the network blocking request pattern, and then click the **Remove** (![Remove blocked request icon](./network-request-blocking-tool-images/remove-blocked-request-icon.png)) button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  In the **Network request blocking** table, hover over a network blocking request pattern, and then click the **Remove** (![Remove blocked request icon](./network-request-blocking-tool-images/remove-blocked-request-icon.png)) button:
```
consider "a", to hint that there are multiple of such items, rather than seeming to refer to a single UI item.
